Request_Is Global Method (#4891)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/general/common_functions.rst

    Helper function used to convert a string, array, or object of attributes to a string.

> .. php:function:: request_is ( $type )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. php:function:: request_is($type)
```

    :param   string    $type: The type needed to be compared
    :rtype: bool

>     Helper function used to easily compare if the HTTP method matches the need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Helper function to determine if the HTTP method matches the expected value.
```
